docs: editing a cronjob (#19140)
supabase/supabase: apps/docs/pages/guides/database/extensions/pg_cron.mdx

  );
```

### Edit a job

Changes the frequency of a job called `'vacuum'` to once every 5 minutes.

```sql
select cron.alter_job(
  job_id := (select jobid from cron.job where jobname = 'vacuum'),
  schedule := '*/5 * * * *'
);
```

> Full options for the `cron.alter_job()` function is laid out below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full options for the `cron.alter_job()` function are:
```

Author: Thanks!
